  Wow, hi judges! Anyways to start you can go in creative and get yourself a **crafting bench** and inside it surround **a furnace** with **8 redstone**. Now place it down on the floor and put a **chest** on top! Now put **coal** in to the chest. It won't generate power yet because it doesn't have a buffer. Once you place down a **power bank** though, it will start making energy. Make a **power bank** by crafting **8 emeralds** around **a redstone block** and place it right next to the **steam generator**. The **steam generator** will now pump energy in to the **power bank**. If you put **two or more powerbanks** it will split the power evenly. If you restart everything will still work because all of this is **saved directly** in to the world file in **machines.dat** (isn't actually a data file, its YML. Just a .dat so people won't mess with it). So you can send the world to other friends, and if they don't have the plugin; it will not do anything to prevent the word from loading. 

  The **API** allows for any plugin to register machines easily. Machines can be powered or even have an action ran on them **every x ticks**, so stuff like energy can be done easily. Talking about energy, blocks can be registered to **receive/give** energy. Machines can change their **recipe, action on interact with left/right click in any way, placement, removement, and custom listener**. Most of this plugin isn't demonstrated in game, so I'll highlight some code, after I finish (I might not if I don't have time).
